while at the southern capital but before the battle, Leif learns
(from the queen directly? or a high-ranking sympathiser?)
that the South has secretly been repurposing the last of their
dwindling Great Forest wood stock ->
(special tree name, Great Elm, etc.?)
(the forest being gated behind the castle (on a claw peninsula) and
entry being restricted and monitored, using only loyalist (slave?)
labor that they could keep quiet and control information flow easily)
-> to build what is seen as a heretical super-weapon: a great barge
which they plan to use to sail around the border and attack the Northern
homeland capital. They've been secretly planning this for years as their
stock of the land's most valuable resource -- Great Elm wood -- has
continued to dwindle and prove non-renewable.
Southern nationalist propaganda has heavily controlled and obscured
the reality of the South's supply and renewability of Great Elm wood,
for decades (centuries?) spreading the nationalist lie that the Great
Forest is functionally infinite, that its natural bounty stretches so
far beyond the horizon, and that the Great Elm trees themselves grow
with such might, majesty, and speed, that by the time one area is
harvested, another elsewhere has already fully regrown to the strength
of the yet-untapped old-growth.
Maps produced in the South show with some ambiguity and artistic
interpretation the sprawling, infinite space beyond the forest's gate
(which is there to protect the South's culture, heritage,
and economy, and no other reason.)
In reality, the forest is relatively small, and all the old growth,
save for a small, royal-family-garden reservation, has long since
been harvested, meaning that in recent years the Southern government
has been selling younger wood of rapidly diminishing quality while
staunchly maintaining the position that the wood is just as good as it
has always been, and that failures in recent builds (or observable
faults pointed out by craftsmen) are blamed on the shipping and handling
companies and procedures rather than the wood itself. The cost of the
wood has been rising, while the quality failing, and the public story
being that nothing has changed.

Becoming desperate, years ago the Southern Queen began research into
the long-lost and heretical art of boat building. Knowledge of boats
is rare to the point of myth and legend in most of the world. While
there is no shortage of inland fresh water, the lakes and rivers are
all small and shallow, never presenting a need to invent anything more
than a bridge or a particularly long fishing pole to traverse or hunt
the environments. The only large body of water anyone has ever seen is
The Still Sea, which everyone alive knows is dangerous, haunted, cursed,
forbidden, overall deadly. Post people believe that if you touch the sea,
you will instantly die. Handfuls of people will swear they've seen it
happen to people right in front of them -- people who touched the sea
on a dare, in a stupor, or out of pure irreverence. Everyone alive has
heard haunting, deadly stories of the monster that is the ocean, and yet
many dismiss or downplay the dangers as exaggerated, particularly those
who grew up far from the sea or have never seen it for themselves.

The Southern queen intends to secretly cast aside all superstition.
Using the last of the old-growth wood from her royal garden, she
orders built a war barge to carry an army to invade the North.
As a matter of pure coincidence, they struck first; and the barge
has yet to launch, and barely in what could be called a finished state.

After the southern queen dies and the party is fleeing ->
(south/east? need to nail down exact geography of southern
content (tip of right wing*) and placement of castle / town / industry)
-> they are chased south into the once great forest. Having previously
learned of the Queen's plans, Leif sees an opportunity to save his friends.
While he could fly away over the sea as he has done before, it would
mean abandoning his party; and so he resolves to put his fear and reverence
of the ocean aside, and lead the party towards the Queen's barge.

[If leif dies with others still alive in this stage, Ashe takes the
fatal blow and drops to 1hp. The player is confronted by the narrative voice
of Regret: "we have to get out of here!" {flee/no} -> "there's no other
way!" {flee/no} -> "we're all going to die!" {flee/no}.
Upon fleeing at any point, Leif goes on alone over the sea to the West.
Upon refusal to flee, Ashe exits for the rest of the stage after dropping
leif in a safe square, and leif becomes unusable for the rest of the stage.
If the party wins after this, continue on story A as normal.
If the party falls, the player is given the Choice of Regret: "don't you
wish you had done things differently, don't you regret your choices? {regret/no}."
Regret leads to The Two Necromancers storyline, no leads to Leif imprisoned?

If everyone else dies before leif, regret offers The Two Necromancers OLDPath {regret}
or the Returning Home Defeated OLDPath {flee}.]

If the party succeeds and manages to launch the barge, they find that sailing
across the still sea is eerie and unnerving. After disembarking, the ship
continues onward at a constant speed and in a straight line, creating no (or
a very faint) ripple trail behind itself. There is no wind, no resistance, and
with unreliable maps, the party has no concept of which way they should steer
even if they could steer, which they don't seem to be able to.

The ocean is dark, and the only light comes from the party's sun-stones, gifts
attained at the capital which produce a faint light when worn around the neck.
Eventually, someone drops their sun-stone into the water, and the party looks
overboard to watch it sink down slowly into the fathomless empty depths. After
a moment of watching the light sink further and further, the sill, unmoving
silhouettes of enormous fish can be seen against the light, as if frozen in
place. The party panics at the sight, and as they begin to discuss what they
saw, the ocean subtly begins to stir ever so slightly.
The Still Sea ebs and flows.

